1)	Moore’s law describes an observation made by Gordon Moore in 1965. He predicted that the transistor count on integrated circuits would approximately double each year. Since then the doubling approximation has decreased in speed from 12 months to 18–24 months.
	More transistors allow for the creation of more sophisticated logic gates such as branch predictors which attempt to determine the result of an if/else statement before the result is determined. Increased transistor count also allows for increased cache count and size making for substantially quicker memory access. Additionally, more transistors allow for parallelism which allows programs to do computation at the same time. 

2)	A processor’s clock speed determines the rate at which the processor executes instructions. Clock speed is simply the number of ticks the computers internal timer makes per unit time. FLOPS on the other hand is the number of floating point operations the processor can compute per second. Although the FLOPS and clock speed are related there are other factors that play into a computers performance. For example a 500 Mhz processor could complete more FLOPS than a 1Ghz processor if the 500 Mhz processor has a more efficient architecture. Another instance where this is the case is if the 500 Mhz processor has multiple cores and can do computations in parallel. 

3)	Computer capability can be measured multiple ways including FLOPS, FLOPS/Watt and IOPS. 

FLOPS is a metric that describes the number of floating point operations that a processor can do per second. FLOPS is a metric that describes performance close to the hardware. By calculating the peak number of FLOPS your cpu can do and comparing that the number of FLOPS your program does makes for an easy estimate of your programs potential optimizations. FLOPS is a poor metric to use when factors such as cost per computation comes in.

FLOPS/Watt is the measurement of energy expended per floating point operation. FLOPS/Watt is a good metric when the cost of powering the cpu comes into question. If too much power is being consumed per computation it may be in the programmers best interest to discontinue use of the computer and update to a more cost efficient computer. FLOPS/Watt is a poor metric when wattage needn’t be considered. Its an important metric for the 21st century due to the environmental impacts of expending too much energy. 

IOPS is a metric used to describe the number of read and writes your computer can do to memory per second. Often times the limiting factor to a programs efficiency is the speed at which data from memory can be retrieved and saved to memory. Optimizing the IOPS of a machine can have significant impacts on the machines computational efficiency. IOPS is a poor metric when the program being run is not memory intensive. 